BOET WALDBJORN 
boetw@me.com 509.768.1739  I am a front-leaning, full-stack developer with a strong interest in code as design and Internet of Things. A strong background in printmaking and theater design has given me an eye for how things work together and a mind for how they should work together. 
SKILLS  Web Development, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, Git, jQuery, Node.js, JSON, Adobe Photoshop, Microsoft Office 

EXPERIENCE 
Azuqua 
06/17 - 09/17 
Connector Developer 
Developed plug-ins for connecting to mainly RESTful APIs with some SOAP and AWS SDK. Worked mainly with Javascript and JSON in a Node.Js environment. Wrote unit testing. 

Espionage Cosmetics 
01/17 - 06/17 Web Developer Freelance web developer updating ecommerce web site to be responsive and teaching staff to maintain the site. Worked in CSS, HTML, JavaScript, JQuery, and Liquid. 

General Assembly 
07/16 - 10/16 Web Dev Immersive 
Intensive 12-week bootcamp covering AngularJS, Front End, JavaScript, MongoDB, HTML, Git, Rails, SQL, jQuery, Ruby, CSS, Express.js, React.js, Node.js. Built real websites, APIs, and data-driven apps while collaborating with peers on a range of projects. 

Simply Mac 
02/13 - 06/16 Sales, Technician, Manager Ran day to day operation of the store and training of employees. Acted as escalation point for customers with satisfaction issues. Supervised staff interactions with customer. 
Mentored employees in leadership and sales process development through the company’s sales programs. 

Clinically Inane 
05/12 - Present Cohost on weekly podcast. Attended events representing organization. Authored regular series of articles. Maintain Wordpress based website. 

Pyramid Staging 
09/12 - 03/15 Stage Hand 
Worked in crews building staging and setting up audio and rigging equipment. Oversaw loading and unloading of gear for most efficient setups. Interacted with public and clients at a variety of locations and venues. 

 
Bridge Consulting Group 
06/11 - 01/12 Technical Recruiter 
Recruited various technical professionals in Seattle area. Sourced, qualified, and interviewed candidates. Represented company in meetings and social events. Clients included Microsoft, Pokèmon, Expedia & more. 
The Mac Store 

11/10 – 06/11 Customer Service Representative 
Handled customer sales. Educated customers on products. Acted as assistant manager as scheduled. Minor software and hardware repairs. 

BoetW 
02/08 - Present Photographer Freelance photographer. 

EDUCATION 
General Assembly, Seattle, WA 
2016 Web Dev Immersive 
Intensive 12-week bootcamp covering AngularJS, Front End, JavaScript, MongoDB, HTML, Git, Rails, SQL, jQuery, Ruby, CSS, Express.js, React.js, Node.js. Built real websites, APIs, and data-driven apps while collaborating with peers on a range of projects. 
Eastern Washington University, Cheney, WA 
 
2005 - 2009 Bachelor of Arts, Studio Art - Digital Media and Photography 
Extensive course work in photography, theater design, and silkscreening. Worked heavily with large format printer and color management. Minor - Theater Design 
